ELDERY MONITORING APPLICATION
-----------------------------

This applications targets the monitoring of eldery subjects and provides the
following facilities:
- given a description of the location (that can be divided in multiple connected
  rooms, each room having a "hazard" area), the system monitors the current room
  a subject is located in and the proximity to one of the hazard areas,
- detects whether a subject took a fall, and
- detects whether a subject is immobile, and
- detects whether a subject comes back to a normal position, and
- detects whether a subject push the button on the mote


To compile the code to be deployed on the WSN, use the node-build utility. The
following targets are supported by node-build:

- SINK: this is the mote attached to a serial forwarder from which the Java
  application (below) infers higher-level events. The node ID of the SINK is 
  hardcoded to 0.
- MOBILE: this is the mote carried by monitored subjects, it performs detection
  of proximity to ANCHORS (below) and detection of posture (falls / immobility).
  A mobile node can be compiled without support for posture detection. In this
  case, you should run "./node-build MOBILE NO-POSTURE".
- ANCHOR: these nodes are fixed nodes that mark hazard areas or links to other
  rooms and that also provide multi-hop routing between other anchors and the
  sink.
- FIXED: these nodes are fixed node that provide multi-hop routing between
  anchors and the sink.

Once the binary has been produced, you can use make "tmote reinstall,ID DEST" toflash a mote. ID 0 is reserved for the sink. 



To obtain documentation for the Java application, run "ant doc", which will
produce Javadoc documentation in the directory "java-doc".
To compile the Java application, use either "ant" or "ant jar" to produce a jar.
Use the target "ant release-build" to produce a jar file that is checkpointed
in the SVN repository and assigned a build number.

To run the Java application, use the "ant run" target. You need to provide a
deployment descriptor (identified in the build.xml file by the
"deployment-descriptor" property). The deployment descriptor provides a mapping
from node identifiers to rooms, hazard areas and subjects.
